In Sweet Charlemagne's house, the wind turned down to a low boring at the edge of perception. Rug, born and raised on the stylobate, knew silence was a privilege: and like all privileges, it was earned by blood.

Everywhere you looked in her house, Sweet Charlemagne stared back at you. Rug’s hackles rose at the dark eyes and wide smiles from oil paintings and posters and murals and even a sepia photograph here and there. Under a cloud of pain hid the fear. Rug kept it hidden, expressed only by the flicking of her tail.

The real Sweet Charlemagne was so much more approachable. Rug watched the armchair: its old leather the color of wine, same as Sweet Charlemagne’s skin. The one-way ticket hung on the wall above Sweet’s head, under a mounted howler’s head. It had the same look in its eye as Sweet did: it was an alpha, after all.

Sweet leant forward across the oak desk, her diamond grill sparkling in the light of her desk’s coin-colored candle. Rug lost herself in the moment, marigold catseyes going dull. Sweet laughed, leaning back.

“So you wanna be a peer,” she said.
“Really?” Rug said, eyes regaining their luster. “Explain how why feels that way.”
Sweet smiled.
“Nobody knocks over one of my bardaks and just walks out alive,” Sweet said. “That means you got a serious fuego alert in the will to survive department, so you gotta be itching to be a peer. Wanna impress us, right? Ace the interview, leave an impression?”

Rug’s ear flicked.
Sweet’s eyebrow raised.
Rug shifted on her wooden stool.

“But,” Sweet said. “You didn't plan on walking out alive, did you?”
Rug thought for a long time, then shook her head.

Sweet sighed. “What's your toe-tag, fam?”
“Does it matter?” Rug said.
“Yeah,” Sweet said. “You wanna be called the catguy?”

“Rug,” she said.
“Rug,” Sweet recited. “Who gave you that name?”
“Rug’s dad,” she said.
“What's he doing?”
“Took a trip to the Fabled City.”

“Shiiiiit.”

Sweet took out a bottle of stalgia from the drawer. Rug’s tail froze. Sweet poured out two fingers of crow-colored liquid into two skull-shaped glasses. Rug’s eyes stayed glued to them. Sweet slid one over the desk, and took a sip of hers.
Instantly, her face softened.

“Go on,” Sweet said. “It's on the fam, fam. Bet you did some shit in that bardak. I saw the bodies even if I couldn't tell you what they looked like, hehe.”
Rug shook her head. “She’s sorry,” she said. “She doesn't touch the stuff.”
“She should,” Sweet said, wiping her lips with her velvet sleeve. “Turbineites pay hard cash money to tell a labcoat about how they wanna bang their dad, but Pandas get to take one sip and watch all their problems fade into the stalgia glow.”
Rug pushed the glass away.

Sweet took the glass and downed it in one go. Rug watched her impassively. Sweet slapped her throat, gargled, then lay back with a smile.

“You know what's got me doomsdaying?” she said. “How I'm about to tell you that you're gonna be a peer, and you're gonna say nothing, just stare like you walked in on your parents going down on your granddad.”

Rug stared.
Sweet climbed onto the desk and knelt on it, looking down on the catgirl.

“You just met Sweet Charlemagne for the first time,” she said, taking out a pipe and shoving it in her mouth. “You’re gonna remember this day for the rest of your life. Why you acting like your dog died?”

“Because Sweet Charlemagne's sent Rug's dad to the Fabled City,” Rug said, standing up, reaching into her olive-green bomber jacket.

Sweet Charlemagne flicked some pipeweed onto the silver screen.

Rug took out a match, and lit her pipe.

“Oh, you're that kid,” Sweet said, puffing on her desk, looking Rug dead in the eyes. “I’m sorry your dad was a piece of shit. You aren't. You’re cool. Good job.”

“Rug’s dad did nothing wrong,” she said.
“That's exactly it, got it in one, Rug,” Sweet said. “He didn't do anything wrong. He didn’t do anything right, either. He just sold carpets in the wrong neighborhood.”

Rug tried to blink back tears.
Sweet emptied the pipe’s ashes into a golden ashtray painted with the face of her old business partner.
“You can whip out that Saturday Night Special and try plugging me,” she said. “And if I don't kill you first, and if my men don't kill you first, and if the goldies don't catch ya and send you to the timeshare… What’s happens?”
Rug, after a moment of tension, fell back into her seat.

“Dead giveaway,” Sweet said. “You didn't try it, because you're afraid of what happens if you survive. Funny, usually people are more scared of death cos they don't know what to expect, but you, you've got an idea what's waiting, don't you?”

Tears rolled down Rug’s cheeks, getting stuck in her fur. The wind picked up, drilling in through the gaps between the plaster walls. Rug pressed the flaps of her cobalt-blue ushanka against her ears. Sweet sighed and lay back on the desk, staring up at the ceiling.

“Look, kid, I’m sorry,” she said. “You’ve been real, and hey, good job fucking up my bardak, it was some spec ops shit right there. I’ll give you some nice fire threads, and you can exit through the back, and we can both pretend this never--”
“Sweet’s right,” Rug said, under her breath. “Rug wants to join the peers.”
Sweet looked over her cheeks, eyebrows arched with kingly benevolence.

“Keep surprising us like that and you're gonna go far, fam,” Sweet said.

+-+

Those sworn into the Twelve Peers dressed like Sweet Charlemagne. Rug received a black spider-silk tophat, a black velvet jacket, black shirt, black and red plaid skirt, black fishnets, black chelsea boots, and black spider-silk bra and panties.

Rug heard her fellow male recruits bitch about the fit of the undergarments, but as soon as she put them on, a strange elation came over her: a feeling of rightness in the world around her, and within her.
Beside her in the locker room, kobold with a missing eye complained about his balls getting compressed.

Then came the month of drills. Rug thought it was gonna be a messed-up initiation ceremony, but no, it was the most intense training regime the Stylobate had to offer. The Omelets might give you a chain and let you figure the rest out on your own, but the Peers demanded something more. Rug knew it already: this wasn't about being in a gang, it was about becoming Sweet Charlemagne.

They drilled in an abandoned crab quay, the wind piercing their ears. Rug hated these places, where there was no guardrail, and the urge to leap off into the dark cavern air was almost overwhelming. 

They learnt how to move in perfect step, to communicate without speaking, to act as one. Many washed out but Rug knew she wouldn't, the confidence of one who knows there is no other option. 

By the end they moved like synchronized dancers. Rug loved losing herself in the gang, moving in lockstep. They were taught never to speak unless spoken to, and in dulled mindslave tones to keep up kayfabe. Rug didn't like this, she didn't want to be Rug as a mindslave, she wanted to be Sweet, but she tolerated it. They learnt the way of the chain, the heater. She wore her holster with pride, and kept the chain hidden up her sleeve.

After the month was over, they threw them into peddling stalgia bottles in memory dens. When Rug’s distributor warned her off the stuff she relaxed, even enjoyed the work.

At the bar, sippers talked about the old times before they faded away the glow. Rug felt sorry for them, even learnt to write so she could record some of the stories. In a locker under the bed in the barracks, the notes were all stashed. She read them when she couldn't sleep.

Sometimes the goldies would raid the place, brass carbines shining, gold masks glittering. Rug never ran, she just held up her hands and got down on her knees. The goldies were always offing tallboys: no need to give them a reason. 

When Sweet swung by and “explained the situation” to whatever trumped-up halfing goldie was in charge, the situation always resolved itself: usually with the dealer in question getting a night’s vacation in the Hempenfoot Public Relation Department’s supply closet.

Rug wished sometimes that the goldies would shoot her. Their carbines and go-round guns would rip her to shreds in a second. But sometimes they left you alive a while, and Rug feared that, so she never tried anything.

The wind turned from a sticky warmth to a sickly cold. Rug liked this weather, made her fur feel like a bonus rather than baggage from the veldt.

Rain or shine, wind or breeze, the Spire still stood, a pillar the size of God. Inside it, Rug walked its dark corridors and halls, three sizes too big or too small, a world designed for half men with big dreams.

Outside, fields of glowing iris mushrooms glowed as a false sun, worked over by fried eggs. At loose ends, Rug followed the irises as they bloomed bright and then closed dark, a false sun traveling across the surface of the cave.

Thousands of others crawled the Spire, stalgia sippers and stalgia dealers, office workers and crab mechanics, cheevo hunters with crazy grins and Hempenfoot executives with crow’s feet: it was like an antfarm in a metal tube, standing upright inside a dark and stormy sphere.

+-+

People only ate with Sweet when two things were about to happen: if they were going to be promoted, or they were going to die. Rug was cool with both. Her dining table was like a diner’s booth, vinyl seats, but with oak tables. Rug liked it, classic Sweet: fancy in a trashy way. Charlemagne enjoyed an after-dinner complement of candy-coated stalgia, served in a flute. Rug smoked a joint of catnip: Triple-X Piss wrapped in rice rolling paper. 

Her dad said you couldn’t get the good stuff in Pando, only on the veldt. Rug felt he was sorely mistaken.

“I dig the tits,” Sweet Charlemagne said.
Rug smiled. Estrogen’s easy to source in what remained of the glass spiral, deep in the Spire. She wasn’t sure why nobody had tried it before. Now everyone was popping Es and dropping Ts to get that Charlemagne look. Rug felt proud, and a little ripped-off.

“I don’t know why everyone’s trying to be me,” Sweet said.

“Because Sweet has a great style,” Rug said.

“That’s exactly what I would say, fam,” Sweet said. “In the first person, probably, but hey, props for the attempt.”

Rug nodded.

“Yeah, nobody can beat these fire threads,” Sweet said, gesturing at her body. “Except… I’mma lay a hard truth on you, and I think you’re gonna really get it, cos you make me think of me when I was younger, and if I had a dick, and was a cat.”

Rug nodded, leaning forward.

“I hate this body,” Sweet said, staring up at the ceiling. “The body is the greatest obstacle to your clout level, you know? I’m not afraid to say, I might be one of the best people to walk the caves of Pando and I still feel like shit. I bet you feel like shit cos, well, I killed your dad,”

Rug shrugged, and pretended it was history.
“But really, your gender’s all fucked up,” Sweet said. “Even if you had a dad it’d be shitty. You know why I drink stalgia? So I can forget this body, even for a few minutes. The fact that no matter how fire my threads, how high my clout, how doomsday my enemies feel… Still got a body. Still gonna die someday. Maybe not today. But maybe tomorrow. Or hell, maybe it started dying yesterday and I’ll only know tomorrow. You read?”

Rug nodded again, eyes truly focused on Sweet.

Charlemagne stood up, walked over to the one-way ticket, and pulled it off its mount. Rug breathed in, wondering if this was it: she didn’t know what she had done, but maybe it didn’t matter. Charlemagne fished out a twin pair of glowing shotgun shells and loaded them into the one-way ticket, closing it with a clack. Rug’s eyes flicked from the shotgun to Sweet’s eyes. She smiled, then hid the shotgun under black velvet. Rug stamped out her joint in the golden ashtray.

“I don’t want you peddling stalgia to sippers anymore,” Sweet said. “From now on, you have one customer.”
For a moment, Rug resisted: she liked peddling to sippers, she liked writing down the stories. Then the thought hit: was Sweet asking for a personal dealer? Rug kept it silent, trying to read the situation.
Sweet left the room. Rug followed. 

They came to a room stripped off all things through a hidden passageway. Rug felt a chill as she stepped through, as if she stepped into somewhere else. A halfling stood by a metal door, his golden fez tarnished, his doctor’s robe stained with embalming fluid. Rug’s hackles rose under his gaze, like he was mentally dissecting her.
“Doc,” Sweet said. “How’s the river card?”
“Improved since the tantrum,” the doctor gestured to his missing arm. “It was doing some very complex things with those talons when it attacked. It’s a shame we only have one to spare. I’d love to see what it looks like under those feathers…”
Rug cringed.

“Cool it on the boner talk, doc, we got guests,” Sweet said as she fed a punchcard through a slot. “Rug, when you’re in here, act nice. It likes friends.”

Rug stepped back as the metal door unpeeled with a hiss. 
Inside was a dark chamber, rounded like a bird’s cage.
If it wasn’t Sweet, she’d never go in there.
The floor was cold steel, 
Rug stepped in, bowing her head to get through the door. Something moved above, like a rusty swing: maybe it was just the wind, which smarted harder here than anywhere else in the house. Rug looked up.
Hanging upside down, a crow the size of a stylo shanty slept. Rug gasped. 
Bless opened her pure violet eyes.

“Are you the exorcist?” she asked in a soft voice.
“Hell’s an exorcist?” Rug replied, eyes wide.
“Sometimes,” Bless said. “But mostly, it makes things worse.”
“What is this that perches above?” Rug said.
“A demon,” Bless said.
“Before the crow eats the cat,” Rug said. “Let it know that she has a sour aftertaste.”
“Don’t fret, I won’t eat you,” Bless said.
“Well, that’s a shame,” Rug joked.

Bless gave a look. The catgirl held it.
They realized something about each other, something they shared. Rug thought, she knows that wasn’t a joke.

Before either could speak,, the door unpeeled, and Sweet ducked through holding a bottle of stalgia. Rug quirked an eyebrow at it, but said nothing.

“Hello, Ms. Charlemagne,” Bless said. “May I ask the name of your friend? I’m sorry, I didn’t introduce myself.”
“That’s Rug,” Sweet said. “Bless, Rug, Rug, Bless.”
Rug nodded at the crow. Bless waved with a wing.

“Rug’s gonna feed you stalgia from now on,” Sweet said. “I got appointments elsewhere. It’s been real, Bless, and you’ve been fam.”
“That’s wonderful, Ms. Charlemagne,” Bless said. “Which is why it saddens me to say, that I may be going soon. I really appreciate all you’ve done, and I hope I’ve been a good guest, but stalgia can’t really exorcise me. The rot’s still here. If you don’t mind, I’ll make my return to the Fabled City.”
Rug forgot herself and actually gasped.

“Rug, don’t act like a hick,” Sweet said. “This is cute. She never connects the dots.”

Rug and Bless shared a look of confusion.
Sweet smiled at Bless. “You’re not my guest, birdbrain, you’re my slave.”
Rug’s heart leapt: keeping slaves didn’t sound like Charlemagne, didn’t sound like her at all, and it hurt all the more when her next thought was Rug will have to mimick that too.

Bless stared, her eyes wide with confusion. “But… But I wanted to stay, you said I could leave and I wanted to…”
Rug realized Bless couldn’t have connected the dots. She was getting regular doses of stalgia: any time she realized she was held captive, that’d be exactly the sort of memory stalgia washed away. Rug wondered if that was the tantrum the doctor talked about.

“See, fam, the doctor’s told me that he’s worked out a way to plug the bird’s consciousness, leaving nothing but those serious fire threads,” Charlemagne pointed at Bless. “The doctor then takes my consciousness out of my shitty body and plants it in that freshly abandoned vessel, and boom, I’m a giant crow demon. Super strong, super big, hard to kill, can fucking fly. So you can see why--”

Bless leapt off the perch toward Sweet Charlemagne. Rug dodged out of the way. Bless shoved Sweet against the metal wall, pinning her a story off the ground. Any other time, Rug would have ran to her rescue, but the catgirl stayed and watched. Sweet, with surprising finesse, ripped out the one-way ticket from her jacket and shoved it against Bless’s beak.

“Hold up, birdie,” Sweet said. “This here’s holy-water beanbag rounds. In case you forgot, that means getting shot in the head with this won’t kill you, but it’ll hurt. Hurt a lot. You might even go blind from the pain! I know you got this weird spirit quest thing to “purge your rot”, and in case you do win this round, I don’t want you having to stumble around blind trying to find yourself, life’s hard enough for you as it is. So how about you put me down, take a hit of stalgia, and forget all about this?”
Rug stared at Sweet, eyes as hard as diamonds.

“You lied to me,” the crow said. Rug felt a terrible empathy for her.
“There’s a lot you forgot, Bless,” Sweet said, dropping the smile. “You told me everything. I’ve done some bad shit in my time, brohomieo, but just thinking about what you did makes my skin crawl. Why do you think you came here? Bet you can’t remember. I bet you can’t remember much of anything except your old pal Sweet Charlemagne who pulled you out of a jam, what jam, who knows. We can keep it that way. You can keep taking your stalgia. Or you can run out on me, and you can go through withdrawal, and all those lost memories will come flooding in, and you’ll beg me to take you back. Let’s take the first option, yeah? Save us both some grief.”

Bless set Sweet Charlemagne down, violet eyes watering.
A cold, helpless anger came over Rug, making her tremble and shake.
“And you know what happens to my fire threads when I’ve appropriated her bones?” Sweet smiled at the catgirl. “You get them.”
Rug blinked.

“That’s right,” Sweet said. She pressed the bottle into Rug’s hand. “Feed it to her, she’s gotta get used to your touch.”

The crow lay flat on the ground. Rug looked down, a slave with a chain up her sleeve. Bless looked up, a slave with a chain of stalgia. Rug felt the pull of her chain, and Sweet was the one who held it. 
Rug’s claws dug into the neck of the bottle.

Sweet caught the scratching sound, realized the score, and swung the one way ticket toward Rug.
Rug flung the bottle at Sweet.
Charlemagne fired, and the stalgia exploded.

Flecks of stalgia hit Rug, making her blink and forget the details of a few childhood memories.

Charlemagne stumbled back in shock, then pulled the ticket's lever. Rug reached for her heater. Charlemagne fired the ticket. Rug’s hand grabbed the handle, too late.

Bless swung a wing in front of the bullet. Light and darkness flashed and span, making Rug shut her eyes. Bless gave a cry, long and loud and ear-piercing, that almost drowned out the wind. Rug opened her eyes. Bless stood to the side, nursing her burnt wing, while Charlemagne swore up a storm clutching her ears.

Rug whipped out her heater. The ironsights couldn't stay steady on Charlemagne’s head. Rug’s hands rattled from the anger inside her veins. The hammers clicked.

Sweet stared at Rug, then held her hands out wide like a scarecrow, a smile growing on her face. Rug bared her teeth.

“Don't,” Bless said.
Rug’s eyes looked at her from the corner.
“She wants that,” Bless said.
Rug narrowed her eyes, knowing she was right. If Sweet died, she wanted to die pretending it was her idea. Rug got a look of uncertainty in her eye.

“Alright,” Sweet said, dropping the dry ticket. “What’s your angle?”
“Sweet, son of a bitch,” Rug said. “Son of a bitch.”
“Rug, come on,” Sweet said. “What’s going on in that cute little head of yours?”
“Cute…” Rug growled. “Is this what Sweet does? Is Rug meant to be this?”

“Listen to the winds, fam,” Sweet said. “Sweet Charlemagne isn't what you are right now. All tense and unsure and scared and shit. You gotta make a call, pull the trigger on somebody. Question is who: big ol’ crow or your girl Ess-Cee?”

Charlemagne’s eyes darted between Rug and the gun. Rug felt lightheaded as the anger washed away, leaving her with nothing to stand on. Charlemagne smiled. Rug stared.

“You're not meant to be anything, Rug,” Bless said.
Rug glanced toward the crow in the corner.
“We’re all human,” she said. “Well, I'm not, and neither are you, but Sweet is, I suppose.”
Rug’s breathing deepened, her heart slowed.
“And this is what Sweet does, because that's her problem,” Bless said. “And maybe if she took a trip to the Fabled City she’d find a way to live without kidnapping people.”
Rug suspected Bless wasn't speaking euphemistically.

“Fuck you,” Sweet said. “And fuck the Fabled City.”

“Well, sorry, I don't agree with the second part,” Bless said. “Rug, I'm sorry if I get you in trouble, but this doesn't have to be the path you take. You don't need to hurt anyone. Just… just ask her where the exit is. The real one, how I got in here. Maybe we can both walk away from this one.”

Rug turned her gaze to Sweet, and didn't say anything.

Sweet groaned. “Second panel to your right, punch it open and it'll lead you out.”

Bless did as she asked, and looked back. Feeling her warm gaze was like emerging from a dark house into the dawn.

“Thank you, Rug,” she said, then flew away.

And then the light went out for Rug. Sweet looked back. Rug lowered the gun, valor spoiling into cowardice.

“What was that noise?” Sweet said, marching up. “Pulling guns on me, letting the river card loose, the fuck is up with you?”

“Rug’s sorry,” Rug said, shame drowning all but that last memory of Bless’s eyes.
“Listen, fam’s still fam,” Sweet said, laying a supportive hand. “I just wanna know, why'd you do it? Someone set you up? Brainwash you? Fasttalk you? You can tell your girl.”

Rug sighed, not noticing the door unpeeling behind her. “Rug doesn't know,” she said. “It felt right in the moment.”

“Alright, I get you,” Sweet sighed. “Man, this feels shitty.”

“What does?” Rug said.

“This,” Sweet said. The doctor jammed a syringe in the catgirl’s throat. Sweet sighed and took out her pipe. Rug struggled against the deathgrip of the doctor.

“Quiet now,” the doctor said. “It'll all be over soon…”
Rug gasped, her vision going dark: she looked at Sweet.
“I'll miss you, Rug,” she took a drag of her pipe. “I mean it. I can’t abide a traitor, but I won't lie. You were a good peer. Adios.”
And upon hearing that, Rug ran into the waiting arms of death like a child returning home from a long journey.

But, she lied. Rug still breathed. Consciousness returned in flashes. Rug moaned, betrayed.

“Heya, gorgeous,” Jimmy-Joe Turnpike said, muffled as if heard through a wall. “What's in the coffin?”
Rug, even shot full of narkoun, cringed just from the voice of that goldie son of a bitch.
“New visitor for the timeshare,” Sweet said, her voice extra flirtatious. “Got room for one more?”
Before, Rug wondered why Sweet bothered playing flirty with this shitheel: now she realized how useful having a goldie at your beck and call is.
“I dunno, honey, kinda cramped,” Turnpike said. “Buncha omelets tried robbing the bank on fifteen-oh-five, we had to pack ‘em into the crab like sardines. And unless you’re smuggling two guys in there, that sure looks like a tallboy in there.”
Something cut through to Rug, even in the haze: did Sweet say the timeshare?

“Well, if you can squeeze one more in,” Charlemagne said. “I got two tickets to the clownshow at six.”

Rug shook as the question became a reality: Rug was going to the timeshare.

“Ooh, sweetie,” Turnpike said. “Who’s on?”
Rug tried to wake up, but couldn't lift her eyes open.

“The Dendes Brigade,” Charlemagne said.
Rug wriggled her fingers, but her arm would not move.

“Okay, count me in,” Turnpike dragged the coffin along the cobbled quay and pushed it onto the cargo compartment. “I'll throw this 'un on the pile, catch you in two.”
Rug’s heart pounded as she realized that even if she woke up now, it would be far too late.

The crab left the quay two minutes later. By the time Rug woke up, she was halfway to the timeshare.

A/N
Heya, hope you liked this, it was a lot of fun to write. Lemme know what you think when you're ready. 

