Sweet told Rug she was a real gas kunt about the whole thing, a walking fuego-alert, but that little bit of warmth got lost in the true Pando wind. Spire wind ain't nothing like that, filtered through half a dozen windtraps and reduced to something you could shout over. On the crab ride over, Rug couldn't hear herself think, couldn't see her bound hands, only smell the sweat of a hundred other prisoners (they called them, “visitors”). The crab juddered and shook as it sparked across the cavern floor, hovering a meter above. Rug’s heart pounded with every inch: one inch closer to Floodlight Holiday Resort, colloquially known as “The Abyss”, and one inch closer to six years vacation.

The Abyss was the jewel in a crown of devilwire, filling a small cavern. Rug’s hackles rose, watching the wires above catch the light off the crab’s sparks. Inside each hi-risk visitor was measured for a noose: if they got out of line, a panel under them would drop. Rug promised herself she wouldn't think about it, as the ropemaker wrapped a tape around her neck, but she knew it was a promise she couldn't keep.

There were no guards inside the resort: the ones watching the doors (who were the “receptionists”) were the last ones anyone saw for a long time. She had wondered who minded the visitor. Answer was, the visitors, and it was a lot less civic minded than you'd hope. She kept her eyes down, avoiding the gazes of the “VIPs”, who had names like Innawoods, Dimbulb, Ol’ Handjob, and hung machetes from their twine belts. They kept things orderly, in that “make a desert and call it peace” Panda kinda way.

The resort was nothing but a plain of metal floorgrates, the open-topped cells swinging in the wind above them. She sat in her own, boxed in, barely bigger than a bird cage. To accommodate the rope, half the cell had no wall. She knew if she slept the wrong way, she’d fall forty feet onto hard metal. Thankfully, catfolk always landed on their feet, even half-awake. Rug had to admit, though, it would be one hell of a wake-up call. And the wind, it never stopped. Every sleep the wind clawed at her nose and pawpads, chilled the skin under her fur, drowned out the words in her dreams.

One time, a light shone from the far wall, somewhere in the devil-wire. It took a while before she realized it was for her. Meal today was Styx Sardine, packed in Thatcher’s Income: it tasted prickly and looked like dried dogshit. She ate it out of a can sitting at the edge of her cage, watching the light flash: flashtalk, Charlemagne taught it to her, it's how riders on the wind talked over it. The moustached VIP with the missing eye in the cell beside her was shaving with a brass handmirror. She whistled high and long, the only sound that could carry over the winds. Dutifully, he swung his cage over and grabbed the opposite’s bars, keeping it steady with one hand, still looking in the handmirror. She admired his muscles working, like coiled rattlesnakes.

“What’s the ruckus?” He yelled at the top of his lungs, made a whisper by the winds.
“Rug wants your mirror!” Rug yelled.
“Tell them they better make an offer!” The VIP yelled back.
“What you want?” Rug said, sighing.
“They call me Ol’ Handjob round these parts. You know why? Cos I intend to get a handjob off every single race, color, and creed in the whole multiverse. I got handjobs off every kind of elf, and every kind of giant, and both kinds of kobold, the furry ones and the scaly ones, and near every kind of dragon cept the ones who throw up spiders and bugs and suchlike. Hell, I got handjobs off creatures inconceivable to the conventional mind. You ever get a handjob from a sound of a child crying for their mama? Thought not. Anyway, if you wouldn't mind, I’d like to cross catfolk off the list.”
Rug groaned, but pressed on: it wouldn't be the first time. “You want,” she paused to cough from shouting. “Rug in your cell or her cell?”
“Just reach your hand through the bars, that's a good tallboy,” he said. She reached through, loosening the twine on his trousers and letting them drop. The whole time, Ol’ Handjob never once looked away from his reflection.

The mirror felt cold in her hand. The glass was cracked and dirty. She frowned, wiping her hand clean on her t-shirt: it would do. The glow from the distant Floodlight was dim, but the mirror caught it. She raised and lowered her hand in front of it, hoping the observer would catch it.
HELLO?
HELLO!
WHO THIS?
BLESS! THIS RUG?
YES. WHY HERE?
HELPING YOU ESCAPE!
Rug blinked. If Bless (a giant goddamn crow, lest we forget) could sneak through the devil-wire, there was a good chance she could sneak someone else out. 
Rug shook her head, frowning. Sweet Charlemagne wanted her in Floodlight Resort. Rug could no more argue with that than argue with the howling wind.
NO NEED, THANKS.
LET ME HELP.
SORRY.
There were dreams on the wind that night; Ol’ Handjob dreamt about getting a handjob from his mom. Rug dreamt about selling carpets with her father. It was in the Stylo markets, they did good business, he was alive, she was six.
“Why does Rug stay in that awful place?” He said after thanking a chain devil for his business.
“Cos Sweet Charlemagne wants her there,” Rug said, brushing up a mat with a wire duster. 
“But does she want to be there?” Rug’s father said, and she had the perfect retort, but then she woke up alone in her cell. 
The light was shining on the far wall.
Rug thought those six years of rest and relaxation. The resort broke people after a fortnight there, it turned them to dust after a month: beyond that, they became atoms, then they split, then they were just quantum ash. Sweet Charlemagne wouldn’t want that for Rug, would she?
No. Sweet Charlemagne had plans for everyone in the Twelve Peers.
She picked up the mirror.
STILL WANNA HELP?
YES!
GOT A PLAN?
NO! DO YOU?
GIMME TEN MINUTES.
OKAY, NO BLOOD!
Rug snorted.

There were ViPs, and then there was Visitor 72. Rug was Visitor 2331: she had no idea how long this guy had been in here. From a photo, he was handsome. He tempted Rug to call him hot, especially those mischievous eyes. In life, however, he moved like a puppet pulling its own strings. She wanted to hiss just looking at him. He kept his favorite ViP at the end of a chain wrapped around her neck: Trouble in a Halfpint. Again, Rug would call her beautiful (especially her chalk white hair) if she didn't scream “psycho” with each twitch and tremble. She kept half a dozen knives under that black cloak of hers and killed six people in a span of two days. But Visitor 72 scared Rug, not Trouble: if you looked at him the wrong way, he could snap his fingers, then a floorgrate would swing open under your feet.
So Rug walked up to Visitor 72 and spat in his face.
His face turned up to hers, alight with bemusement.
“What zuh fhuck, tallbuoy!?” Trouble slurred, leaping toward the offender. Rug backed up instinctively. Visitor 72 yanked the chain back, choking Trouble, making her gag “Dhon’t you know who dhis ish?”
“Yeah,” Rug said. “That's why Rug spat in his face.”
“Lemme fhuck him up, bhoss!” Trouble said, ripping out a sixteen-inch blade painted with rust.
“Hold back, Trouble,” Visitor 72 said, in a voice like the cold wind. “This is Visitor 2331, the envoy. And, two-double-three-two, if you're trying to assert your place in the prison hierarchy, don't trouble yourself, heh. Sweet Charlemagne has worked out all the details with me well before your arrival, so I'd be happy to--”
Rug swung at Trouble with a knife she had hidden in her jacket. She pickpocketed it off Ol’ Handjob’s belt; she didn't like knives, too small, but she didn't have her chain. The shiv dragged down Trouble’s right eye, leaving her with a heck of a cut down the brow and ending at the cheek. Rug smirked as Trouble stumbled back, weeping blood: she would not forget that hit in a hurry.
Visitor 72 dropped the smile, shrugged, and dropped Trouble’s leash. Rug circled Trouble and she circled back, her chain rattling against the floorgrates. A crowd gathered, and Ol’ Handjob tried intervening, but Trouble howled at him to back the fuck up: this was her kill. Rug’s eyes flickered from Trouble to Visitor 72, trying to read the room: that's when Trouble struck.
Like a catseeking missile powered by hate, Trouble in a Halfpint dived for Rug’s head blade-first. She ducked just in time, surprised at the ferocity. Trouble hit the rope and got entangled in the catgirl, grabbing for her neck and holding the knife back for a death blow. Before the psycho Panda could stick that blade down her throat, Rug grabbed Trouble’s chain and looped it twice around her neck; holding it taut, Rug watched Trouble’s eyes turn pink.
“Come on, choke her already,” the strangler said, but she wasn't talking to Trouble.
Visitor 72 snapped his fingers, Trouble scrambled back, then the floorgrate opened. Rug fell straight through into the dark, her noose tightening around her neck. 
Then it snapped.
She could have gotten a chain off a snapped cell, but you can't use that to file down a noose.
Trouble watched her fall, mouth foaming. Rug smiled and gave her the middle-finger before disappearing into the black.
Word on the crab was that under the grate was a four story drop onto hard concrete. Rug curled her spine around in the air and landed on her hands and feet without so much as a bruise. The underside of the resort was a concrete pit lined with lights leading up to a huge metal door. She leapt up and sprinted toward it. Radio-powered motion sensors heard her breath and dialled the doors to shut, and said (in a Turbineite drawl) “Attention all units, visitor breakout in progress”. Rug fell to her knees and slid under the door just before it shut close.
The outside was nothing more than a metal scaffold wrapping around the resort like a vine round a cement tree. Rug ran up a staircase, trembling as the wind shook the steps. Even with the wind drowning all sound, the boots of the receptionists reverberated up through the aluminum. Rug swore she could see them behind her, but it was pitch out here.
The topside was chickenwire stretched out across a roof. She scanned the area for Bless. Underlit by the lights of the cages below, the crow waved from the other side. Rug swore beneath her breath and ran, her legs aching and the wind pulling her from every angle. Halfway across, Visitor 72 said “Fabled city, right?”
Rug stopped, looked behind her, above her, then looked below. Visitor 72 stood atop a cage, fingers gripping the chickenwire. She wondered how his soft voice drowned out the winds.
“I went there myself,” he said, smiling crookedly. Not a smirk: it was like he had put his smile on back to front that morning. “It is like cutting yourself. You bleed out, and everything else pours in.”
Rug squinted in the dark, confused.
“Reception, hands on the ground!” a receptionist yelled, his goldie mask magnifying his voice.
Rug shook her head and ran for Bless. The receptionist whipped out a golden carbine and fired. Rug hit the deck, then figured out (too late) that Bless would take the bullet.
Bless stumbled back, nursing the shot, blood pouring out from between her talons. Rug gasped, her body shaking. Then Bless made a horrible sound: not a pitiful moan, but an earthshaking growl.
“Rend flesh,” Bless said, then flew, claws first, into the goldie.

a/n: yo hb!
So yeah, i’m imagining this is what they call in the biz a “inciting incident” where the character starts making decisions rather than reacting to stuff. As you may have gathered, before this Bless and Rug met and presumably made friends, Bless may have offered a trip to the Fabled City but Rug probably turned her down. Then Rug took the fall for CRIMES involving the Twelve Peers and got mandatory vacation, which is how we got here.
Next I’m imagining Bless waking up after her rampage and finding she got a go-round gun’s round in her wing, which complicates getting to the Heart of Nowhere: when she invited Rug it would be riding on her back as she flew through the tunnels, now it’s more like the hiking trip from hell. 
I also did some timeline stuff: this is before or concurrent with the Follow game and about a year or two before HoN and CiLaK. This was mainly to indulge myself in the inclusion of my favorite halflings from those various games, but I’d be happy to replace them if the timeline doesn’t make any sense. Thankfully, though, our intended audience probably doesn’t know times and dates!
Again, lemme know what you think, catch you round
